

INPUTS - 
	trucks come in with a base color on it.
	they can either be bought from "third parties" or 
	later in the game you can order from your own color factory. 
	Each truck station will automatically order a truck of paint and fill a belt with that paint constantly 
	as long as the player has enough money to buy that paint or the factory they are ordering from has enough of it 

FACTORY - 
	Belts
		move colors around. 
		spliters and mergers

	Machines
		machines to combine the colors
		machines to change the paint type (Flat/Matte, Eggshell, satin, gloss) 
		Maybe instead of changing paint type, different types of paint can be ordered for different paint types 
		beggining of the game machines are not as accurate, so can not get customers that have a high accuracy order. 
	
	Logic gates 
		Small black box that the user can click on and they are brought to another screen
		where they can choose the number of inputs, output, and place different logic gates.
		Once rep is high enough the machines can be attached to logic gates and turned on and off.
		Should allow for auto paint machines that can create any color of paint. 

	Storage 
		Belts can go directly into a storage container to keep the paint. 
		A storage container can only keep one type of paint in it at a time. 

OUTPUTS - 
	Trucks can either -
		sell directly to client that asks for a specific color
		send to your paint storage
		send directly to another one of your factories 

Orders - 
	The goal of the game is to complete orders. 
	As the player progresses the orders will get more and more complex. 
	Orders will have 5 things. 
		- Number of different requested paints
		- Percentage accuracy of the paint color
		- list of colors to put on the truck
		- amounts of each color (ratio of each color to put on the truck)
		- how many trucks total, or trucks per minute of the colors are needed. 

	At the beggining of the game orders are simple. Examples -
		1 truck of  blue and green 50/50 ratio (order 2 trucks and belt them to an output)
		1 truck of dark blue (order blue and black and combine them)
		1 truck of matte blue (order blue and make it matte)
		
	The orders will get more and more complex as the game continues
	eventually they will be procedurally generated


PLAY -
	As the user does more and more orders, their rep will get higher. 
	As the users rep gets higher, they will get orders that require higher accuracy.
	These higher accuracy orders require better machines in the factory, but also pay higher and may give more rep. 
	Higher rep machines can also combine more than one color at the same time. 

	Can fail orders if the accuracy of the paint is not high enough. 
	Machines and belts cost money to build, and better machines and faster belts can only be bought with more rep.

	Orders can either be a certain amount of a paint, or a certain amount of paint per minute, for a certain amount of time, or forever. 
	Orders will either give a lump some of money and rep once it is finished or 
	passive money as the paint is sold on the trucks and no rep ( if it is paint per minute ). 
	 
